Well we really cheap a lot.
We went through a lot of topics for the scores.
And I hope you feel a bit more confident knowing about those.
Well upcoming changes or at least the changes you will be able to use in the browser.
Now you have a lot of tiny examples but I always think it's also great to see at least some of the parts
come together in a real object project excuse me the F-word.
And it's much a look into build such a project.
It's a great way to exercise or practice certain things you'll learn.
Now what are we going to build.
All we're building is super awesome web app which basically allows one to do one thing.
I can enter a city name click and share weather and you saw it loaded for a fraction of a second and
then shows me the current weather in London.
And of course I can also then changed is to go to Berlin for example updaters.
So this is what we're going to build.
And even though it only has a few elements here on the screen it uses quite some things you saw throughout
this course for the marshals in this course so let's get started.